New Concept Entry: graph_objects module (#4687)
Codecademy/docs: content/plotly/concepts/graph-objects/graph-objects.md

> ---
> Title: 'Graph Objects'
> Description: 'Classes in the Plotly library are used for creating and manipulating complex plots and visualizations.'
> Subjects:
>   - 'Data Visualization'
>   - 'Data Science'
> Tags:
>   - 'Plotly'
>   - 'Graph Objects'
>   - 'Data Science'
>   - 'Classes'
> CatalogContent:
> - 'learn-python-3'
> - 'paths/computer-science'
> - 'paths/data-science'
> - 'paths/data-science-foundations'
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
Title: 'graph_objects'
Description: 'Creates and customizes interactive plots by defining data and layout attributes.'
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Data Science'
  - 'Data Visualization'
Tags:
  - 'Graphs'
  - 'Modules'
  - 'Plotly'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-python-3'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
  - 'paths/data-science'
  - 'paths/data-science-foundations'
---
```

Reviewer: Modifications:
The description should be what the concept does, and it should start with a verb (creates, converts, etc). Tags and subjects should be arranged in alphabetical order.

> In Python, the **`graph_objects`** module in Plotly is used for creating and manipulating complex plots and visualizations. It provides a structured way to build a wide variety of plot types using a declarative syntax.

Reviewer: We can add the 'Core concepts' here itself, you can provide a line for describing each core concept: Figures, Traces, and Layouts. 

Since this is a concept entry, examples for these concepts are not needed. We will be adding terms separately for these.

## Key Features
- **Object-Oriented Approach**: Allows for detailed customization and fine-grained control over plot attributes.
- **Composability**: Different plot types and layout elements can be composed together to create intricate and layered visualizations.
- **Interactivity**: Plots created with `graph_objects` are interactive, allowing for features such as zooming, panning, and tooltips.
- **Integration**: Works seamlessly with various data sources and can be integrated into web applications using frameworks like Dash.

> ##  Use `graph_objects' for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##  Applications of `graph_objects`:
```

 - 3D trace types like mesh or isosurface 
 - Subplots of different types, dual-axis plots
 - Faceted plots with multiple different types of traces

## Core Components
- Figures
- Traces

> - Layout

Reviewer: Can be added in the introductory paragraph as discussed in the above comment.

## Figures

> The central object in `graph_objects` is the `Figure`, which contains both data (traces) and layout.

Reviewer: Can be added in the introductory paragraph as discussed in the above comment.

## Example

```py
import plotly.graph_objects as go
fig = go.Figure(data=[go.Scatter(x=[1, 2, 3], y=[4, 5, 6])])
fig.show()

> ```

Reviewer: This can be removed since this is a concept entry for the `graph_object` module

## Traces

> Traces are objects that represent individual visual elements in a plot (e.g., lines, bars, markers).

Reviewer: Can be added in the introductory paragraph as discussed in the above comment.

## Example

```py
scatter = go.Scatter(x=[1, 2, 3], y=[4, 5, 6])
fig.add_trace(scatter)

> 

Reviewer: This can be removed since this is a concept entry for the `graph_object` module

## Layout

> The layout defines the appearance of the plot, including titles, axes, and annotations.

Reviewer: Can be added in the introductory paragraph as discussed in the above comment.

## Example
```py
fig.update_layout(title='Sample Plot', xaxis_title='X Axis', yaxis_title='Y Axis')

## Elaborate Example
Here's an elaborate example demonstrating how to create a line chart with customized layout and multiple traces:

```py
import plotly.graph_objects as go

# Create traces
trace1 = go.Scatter(x=[1, 2, 3], y=[10, 15, 13], mode='lines', name='Line 1')
trace2 = go.Scatter(x=[1, 2, 3], y=[16, 5, 11], mode='lines+markers', name='Line 2')

# Create the figure and add traces
fig = go.Figure()
fig.add_trace(trace1)
fig.add_trace(trace2)

# Update layout
fig.update_layout(
    title='Example Line Chart',
    xaxis_title='X Axis Title',
    yaxis_title='Y Axis Title'
)

# Display the figure
fig.show()

## Official Documentation

> For more detailed information, examples, and tutorials, visit the official Plotly Graph Objects documentation: [Graph Objects in Python](https://plotly.com/python/graph-objects/)

Reviewer: This can be removed since this is a concept entry for the `graph_object` module

Reviewer: At the end, we need to add a ##Syntax block as follows:

```pseudo
import plotly.graph_objects as go
```

And if you want you can have a line after this explaining that: "`go` is an alias commonly used to refer to the graph_objects module."
